Title: Big News - Contests/Competitions Coming Your Way!

#Introduction

/r/dailyprogrammer is growing and so we thought it'd be fun to start having bi-annual (or more frequent) competitions.

The competitions will be larger in scope than most challenges and will have no pre-determined difficulty.

They will focus more on real-world applications. For any people wishing to get into software development, this could potentially be a great boost as you will definitely find yourself looking at stuff that you haven't before and hopefully gain a portfolio of more than just programming challenges.

The competitions will have a task and a cut-off date for all submissions, for exceptional submissions we MAY let a few hours slide.

Some competitions will be open ended and you can choose the task yourself, you'll understand this more when you see the upcoming contest.

#Awards

There will be an award for the best submission of code. We can't just take upvotes off of users (As much as we love you guys, some negative nancys might try and tamper the votes)as a way to rank the submissions. 

The winner will generally be decided by the moderators and (maybe) votes given.


Once the winner has been decided, he or she will be graced with reddit gold, a gold medal, and possibly any other goodies that the mods possess.

#Submissions

When you have completed the challenge for the contest, please submit the code either on here (if it's reasonable in size) or on github or something similar (Ideally github so that other people can expand on your ideas if they're promising)

Once submitted, feel free to continue working on it and updating up until the submission date.

If there are edits after the submission date, we may have to ignore your post (This includes on Github as well). 

Once a certain time has passed of say 3-4 days, you may start editing your work on github (obviously you'd want to keep working at it if it's promising!) without any discrimination.


#Notes

This is still very roughly in the works. Don't kill us if we've missed a few details D;

With all that said, I'm conjuring up the first contest so keep a keen eye on the sub!
